CRO Updates: 5/27/25 (#3737)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/blog/identiverse-conference-report.mdx

---
publish_date: 2021-06-29 
title: "Takeaways from Identiverse 2021: Covid thoughts, FIDO and more"
htmlTitle: "Identiverse 2024 Conference Highlights | FusionAuth Recap"

> description: Get key takeaways from Identiverse 2024. Learn what FusionAuth presented and what trends shaped the identity and access management conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Get key takeaways from Identiverse 2021. Learn what FusionAuth learned and what trends shaped the identity and access management conversation.
```

We didn't present in 2021 and did not attend in 2024.
